# Nasrin ventures downtown

Nasrin shivered as they stood before the light rail tracks. Tho yesterday was rather bright & warm, Boskeopolis was renowned for its tsundere weather, specially on the dividing line ’tween summer & autumn that was the month o’ September, & was now cool & ashen, leaving Nasrin regretting their choice o’ “formal” wardrobe: their ol’ uniform from 2ndary school with a plaid skirt & a necktie that valiantly but futilely kept trying to ’scape their neck seizing e’ery gust that blew by. They gazed @ the tracks with an uncomfortable frown. Specially in today’s breezy weather, leaving them feeling constantly unsteady, Nasrin couldn’t stop imagining themself somehow slipping & falling onto the tracks just as a train came by — ¡SPLYT! Then ’gain, ’twas nothing compared to the thousands o’ times — a’least, what, 6 times a workday — that they crossed the street & risked a drunk driver plowing them down. It amazed them that so many people lived to their 80s navigating such death networks.

> ## Hello
>
> The horsemen are drawing nearer.
> On the leather steeds they ride.
> They've come to take your life.

Then they saw a moving bulk in the corner o’ their eyes & turned to see charging toward them the train — albeit, it didn’t look anything like the cliché ol’ black machines with the filtered bottom lip, bumps & divots on the front, the bars in front o’ the wheels that gyrated ’long with the wheels, & definitely didn’t release any steam, but looked mo’ like superlong busses, but 5m ’bove the earth — with its pattern o’ deep-green trees fir trees stretching all ’long its bottom half. Nasrin entered this iPod-white cave & sat in the nearest seat without anyone on either side, making sure to sit next to the window so they could see where they were. It ne’er ceased to bewilder them how this train always seemed to go backward — or rather, the seats were backward so that the train went in the direction o’ passengers’ backs so that the world’s future seemed to rush ’way from them rather than toward. Thruout the trip Nasrin checked the marquee @ the back ( the front from Nasrin’s perspective ) e’ery few minutes to make sure their stop didn’t try slipping past them ( since they perennially wore headphones & gormandized their ears with all the grinding, squealing, pounding mechanical noises mankind had discovered coming out o’ a guitar & drumset they had no hope to hear the emotionless feminine voice o’ the computer system call out stops as they neared ).

After li’l mo’ than a half hour Nasrin saw the words etched into their mind now etched onto the marquee like the colored lights on a lightbrite: “Founder’s Street”, the very core o’ the heart o’ Boskeopolis, its primordial soup, &, mo’ importantly, the nearest stop to 4th Ave & Autumn St. As they saw these magical words, Nasrin saw their train enter not bustling grids o’ streets & buildings tall ’nough that they seemed to be vying to be Babel 2.0, but ’stead dark subterranean caves dimly lit with illishly yellow-orange ceiling lights & sparesely decorated with candy-cane striped stand-up signs & oil-brown chainlink fences. After a brief period o’ total darkness, during which Nasrin could only see their own reflection in their shiny window, the train exited out into a wide steel clearing, light ’nough to be slate gray. Nasrin found themself staring @ the whistling mouth o’ the tunnel they had just left, looking like a sewer hole, as they tightened the straps o’ their backpack gainst their arms & shook their shins, antsy to stand & move.